- How many of yall feel like you know who you are? like, really?
- We're expected us to have all that figured out by about 17 years old, and then stake a huge amount of money in the form of student loans on that being our one thing, for the rest of our life
- I don't think I can answer the question of who I am, but maybe I can tell you how I got to know myself a little better
- I was a pretty shy kid, read a lot, nerdy, you know
- When I was about 5 or 6, I was having dinner at my grandma's house, and someone wanted me to try zuchinni, or some other vegetable. I wasn't super picky usually, but My kid brain just really did not fuck with zucchini. It was slimy and gross and made me want to gag. But even at that age, i knew that my grandma had made it, and I was expected to like it. So I chewed, choked it down, and hit the table with the least convincing "it's good, I like it" that you've ever heard in your life. 
- When the time came to choose my major for college, I Used the same strategy. I was good ac computer science, even enjoyed coding at points, but it never felt like I had found my passion in it. 
- One escape from my own head always came when I went camping. Getting out into nature would always snap me back into my body, flooding my senses with beautiful sights and sounds, and requiring many minor physical tasks that became almost meditative. Everything about it required that I be present, exactly where I was. 
- As someone who lived mostly about 15 minutes in the future, where I imagined everything I was doing would go horribly wrong somehow, it was a place I could go to think clearly, and be myself fully. 
- about a year ago, I figured all this out and decided that I wanted to help protect the place that brought me som much comfort, and try to set my own expectation of myself, rather than relying on others.